[docs] [i/o] - Updating Backfills page (DOC-113) (#19638)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/content/concepts/partitions-schedules-sensors/backfills.mdx

  Which property to use depends on whether it's most convenient for you to operate on start/end datetime objects, start/end partition keys, or a list of partition keys.

> **If you're using an [I/O manager](/concepts/io-management/io-managers)**, you'll also need to make sure that the I/O manager is using these methods. **Note**: With the exception of file system I/O managers, Dagster's built-in database I/O managers - like [Snowflake](/integrations/snowflake), [BigQuery](/integrations/bigquery), or [DuckDB](/\_apidocs/libraries/dagster-duckdb) - include this functionality out of the box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**If you're using an [I/O manager](/concepts/io-management/io-managers)**, you'll also need to make sure that the I/O manager is using these methods. **Note**: File system I/O managers do not support single-run backfills, but Dagster's built-in database I/O managers - like [Snowflake](/integrations/snowflake), [BigQuery](/integrations/bigquery), or [DuckDB](/\_apidocs/libraries/dagster-duckdb) - include this functionality out of the box.
```
nit - this just reads a bit better to me, but not a necessary change

Author: This is better, thank you!

    overwrite_data_in_datetime_range(start_datetime, end_datetime, output_data)
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem name="With I/O managers">

#### With I/O managers

```python file=/concepts/partitions_schedules_sensors/backfills/single_run_backfill_io_manager.py startafter=start_marker endbefore=end_marker
from dagster import (
    AssetExecutionContext,
    BackfillPolicy,
    DailyPartitionsDefinition,
    InputContext,
    IOManager,

>     OutputContext

Reviewer 2: there was a missing comma here, I added that and pushed a change but BK still failing due to the missing function?

    overwrite_data_in_datetime_range(start_datetime, end_datetime, output_data)
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem name="With I/O managers">

> #### With I/O managers

Reviewer: I think including the asset in the I/O manager example would also be helpful since now the two examples are comparing the different approaches, vs being more linear 

```python
@asset(
    partitions_def=DailyPartitionsDefinition(start_date="2020-01-01"),
    backfill_policy=BackfillPolicy.single_run(),
)
def events(context: AssetExecutionContext, raw_events):
    output_data = compute_events_from_raw_events(raw_events)
    return output_data
```

Author: Agreed. I added this in but am getting errors complaining about this. Could you take a look at the updated example (`single_run_backfill_io_manager.py`) and corresponding test if you have a sec?

Reviewer 2: I think the issue is compute_events_from_raw_events doesnt exist, not sure where this function came from?
